rec: Implement EDNS0 padding (rfc7830) for outgoing responses (#8918)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/docs/settings.rst

This is the value set for the EDNS0 buffer size in outgoing packets.
Lower this if you experience timeouts.

.. _setting-edns-padding-from:

``edns-padding-from``
---------------------
.. versionadded:: 4.4.0

-  Comma separated list of netmasks
-  Default: (none)

List of netmasks (proxy IP in case of XPF or proxy-protocol presence, client IP otherwise) for which EDNS padding will be enabled in responses. See also `edns-padding-mode`_.

.. _setting-edns-padding-mode:

``edns-padding-mode``
---------------------

> .. versionadded:: 4.4.0

Reviewer: 4.5.0

-  One of ``always``, ``padded-queries-only``, String
-  Default: ``padded-queries-only``

> Whether to add EDNS padding to all responses (``always``) or only to the ones for padded queries (``padded-queries-only``, the default) coming from `edns-padding-from`_ sources.

Reviewer 2: From this description it is not immediate clear if queries outside `edns-padding-from` are padded or not.

Author: This PR implements padding for outgoing responses, not for outgoing queries, perhaps this description should be clearer about that?

Reviewer 2: My comment should have read:
From this description it is not immediate clear if responses to queries outside edns-padding-from are padded or not.

Author: I have updated the description, please let me know if it's still unclear. It's sometimes hard to take the user point-of-view when you wrote you spent some time writing the actual code! :)

Reviewer 2: Yes, much more clear.

> .. _setting-edns-padding-mode:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _setting-edns-padding-tag:
```

``edns-padding-tag``
--------------------
.. versionadded:: 4.4.0

-  Integer
-  Default: 7830

The packetcache tag to use for padded responses, to prevent a client not allowed by the `edns-padding-from`_ list to be served a cached answer generated for an allowed one. This

> effectively divides the packet cache in two when `edns-padding-from`_ is used. Note that this will not override a tag set from one of the ``Lua`` hooks.

Reviewer: it might be good to expose whether or not a response would be padded in the `dq` object?

Reviewer: (if at all possible without making a trail of blood through the recursor)

This is the value set for the EDNS0 buffer size in outgoing packets.
Lower this if you experience timeouts.

.. _setting-edns-padding-from:

``edns-padding-from``
---------------------
.. versionadded:: 4.5.0

-  Comma separated list of netmasks
-  Default: (none)

> List of netmasks (proxy IP in case of XPF or proxy-protocol presence, client IP otherwise) for which EDNS padding will be enabled in responses, provided that `edns-padding-mode`_ is set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List of netmasks (proxy IP in case of XPF or proxy-protocol presence, client IP otherwise) for which EDNS padding will be enabled in responses, provided that `edns-padding-mode`_ applies.
```
